Pure `NXdata` detection logic (#792)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools: docs/learn/pynxtools/architecture.md

`pynx read` creates an `Annotator` visitor and passes it to `NexusFileHandler`.  The annotator holds a `NexusSchemaResolver` and uses it on every `on_field` / `on_attribute` callback to look up the matching `NexusNode`, then emits documentation, optionality, enumeration values, and inheritance information.

> When an `NXdata` group is encountered, the annotator calls `inspect_nxdata` (from `pynxtools.nexus.nxdata`) once at the group level to detect the primary signal, axis datasets, and convention (v3/v2/v1). The result is cached and used to annotate each field in that group with its NXdata role (`SIGNAL` / `AXIS #N`). After the full traversal, the default-plottable chain is also logged via `get_default_plottable`.

Reviewer: Having a comment about the v1, v2 or v3 would be helpful for readers.

Reviewer: Already in docs.

> When an `NXdata` group is encountered, the annotator calls `inspect_nxdata` (from `pynxtools.nexus.nxdata`) once at the group level to detect the primary signal, axis datasets, and convention (v3/v2/v1). The result is cached and used to annotate each field in that group with its NXdata role (`SIGNAL` / `AXIS #N`). After the full traversal, the default-plottable chain is also logged via `get_default_plottable`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an `NXdata` group is encountered, the annotator calls `inspect_nxdata` (from `pynxtools.nexus.nxdata`) once at the group level to detect the primary signal and axis datasets. In this process, different versions of the NeXus default plotting conventions (v3/v2/v1) are analyzed. The result is cached and used to annotate each field in that group with its NXdata role (`SIGNAL` / `AXIS #N`). After the full traversal, the default-plottable chain is also logged via `get_default_plottable`.
```

Author: Changed in #799

Because `NexusFileHandler` accepts any `NexusVisitor`, it is straightforward to add new processing modes without modifying pynxtools internals. See the [how-to guide on implementing a custom visitor](../../how-tos/pynxtools/implement-a-visitor.md) for a worked example.

## Shared NXdata detection: `pynxtools.nexus.nxdata`

> The [NeXus Data Plotting Standard](https://manual.nexusformat.org/examples/python/plotting/index.html) defines three conventions — v3 (NIAC2014), v2 (~2004), and v1 (oldest) — for identifying the plottable signal and its axes in an `NXdata` group. Rather than duplicating this logic in the annotator and the validator, pynxtools centralizes it in `pynxtools.nexus.nxdata` with no logging dependency.

Reviewer 2: use rather this https://www.nexusformat.org/2014_How_to_find_default_data.html or at least add this link fits better the description, if the link persist, who knows...

Reviewer 2: https://manual.nexusformat.org/datarules.html#find-plottable-data is an even better link

Author: added the latter link in #799
